project link:
https://mimicproject.com/code/08e5c69d-9469-7c01-5131-4cf7c980213b

Legend has it that every human soul has a colour, and I have chosen yellow to represent this, as it represents to me the rising sun and the fact that we begin to explore this earth as babies. At first there are only a few threads, our first connection to the world, and as time goes by and our communication with the outside world deepens, the threads representing the spring flowers, the autumn moon and everything in between wrap around us, allowing us to form a cocoon of souls that are similar and different, becoming more indestructible than at first. And interspersed within the cocoons are irregular stick-like objects that are our family, friendship and love, which increase in weight in our lives as the world changes and our lives are transformed and made more glorious by them, and here I have chosen to express this in pink. For pink, a beautiful colour that is lively and lovely to put people in a happy mood. I wish for each and every one of you, a glorious pink in the cocoon of life that is uniquely yours.

There's no doubt to say, Coding One was the course that took me the longest and put the most effort into my first semester. It's not because I'm crazy about it, it's just too hard for me.The night when I wrote the first line of code in Mimic feels as vivid as yesterday, and here we are, almost starting another milstone in Coding Two. People often say be aware of anything moves too fast, but they are missing one point that pace is irrelevant if that something is the right thing. Maybe I was pretty good when I was undergraduate, but now I am just normal, even lower-class. But when I look back I can alwasys see the progress that I have made.


It's hard for me to do something 'creative' and 'nice' at my level, and the project I did was just a violent mix of everything I had learned and understand with a lot of examples and references. So this is an interactive piece that combines 3D and 2D graphics, with mouse movements that trigger sound effects.It looks a bit like a spike wrapped in a soft shell,The shell lathe is shaped like a silkworm chrysalis, you can hear the sound of low chirping of young creatures when you touch it.In the coding part, audio and sound effects from week 1-2, 2d graphics from week 3-6, 3d geometries from week 7-8.
Actually I am very interested in Mandelbrot set and Julia set and have spent a lot of time working on it. The function image has a strange attraction to me that I can even watch it all day long. But unfortunately I haven't found a way to combine it with mouse interaction. There were many times when I tried to write something, but when I was ready to run it my computer was completely stuck and I couldn't reload the page or retrieve the code, which was probably the worst part of writing code.
